# BitsOnCoffee Core LibraryCore Library##Installation###Adding a reference to the project####NuGetThe most simple way is to use NuGet. Open NuGet Console and write:    PM > Install-Package BitsOnCoffee.Core####Manual installationYou can also add a reference manually. Just download this source code, build it and add a single _BitsOnCoffee.Core.dll_ to the project.##CryptographyTo use cryptography, just add namespace:    using BitsOnCoffee.Core.Cryptography;###SHA256####string Hash()Hashes the string to SHA256 Hash.    SHA256 crypto = new SHA256();    string result = crypto.Hash("password"); // result is "6b3a55e0261b0304143f805a24924d0c1c44524821305f31d9277843b8a10f4e"##ExtensionsTo use extensions, just add namespace:    using BitsOnCoffee.Core.Extensions;###DateTime Extensions####string ToISO8601()Returns string with ISO8601 formatted date/time.    DateTime date = DateTime.Now;    string formated = date.ToISO8601(); // formated is "2016-03-15T15:48Z"###Enum ExtensionsReturns the collection of values from the enumeration marked with attribute System.Flags.####IEnumerable&lt;enum&gt; GetFlagValues()    [Flags]    public enum State    {        Active,        Inactive    }    State values |= State.Active;    State values |= State.Inactive;    foreach (var item in values.GetValues())    {        Console.WriteLine(item);    }    // Printed in console:    // Active    // Inactive###IList Extensions####void AddIfNotContains&lt;TSource&gt;(TSource item)Adds item into the collection if the collection does not already contains the item.    List<int> coll = new List<int>() {  1, 2, 3 };    coll.Add(4); // coll contains 1, 2, 3, 4    coll.Add(2); // coll contains still just 1, 2, 3, 4####void Shuffle&lt;TSource&gt;()Shuffles randomly the items in the collection.    List<int> coll = new List<int>() {  1, 2, 3, 4, 5 };    coll.Shuffle(); // coll is now f.e. 5, 2, 1, 4, 3###String Extensions####bool IsEmail()Checks if the string is a valid emamil address according to [https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/01escwtf(v=vs.110).aspx](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/01escwtf(v=vs.110).aspx).    string email = "mail@test.com";    bool isEmail = email.IsEmail(); // isEmail is true####bool IsNumber()Checks if the string is number (decimals are allowed).    string number = "7";    bool isNumber = number.IsNumber();####string ToFirstUpper()Returns the string with the first uppercase letter.    string text = "london";    string result = text.ToFirstUpper(); // result is "London"####string ToUrlFormat()Removes diacritics, keeps only letters and numbers, replaces spaces for hyphens.    string title = "This is the 1. àrticle's title";    string url = title.ToUrlFormat().ToLowerCase(); // url is "this-is-the-1-articles-title"####string RemoveDiacritics()Removes diacritics from the string.    string text = "ěščřžýáíé";    string result = text.RemovesDiacritics(); // result is "escrzyaie"####string TrimIfNeeded(int length)Trims the string to specified length if needed (three dots are added at the end), otherwise returns the string itself.    string text = "This is the text.";    string result = text.TrimIfNeeded(20); // result is "This is the text."    result = text2.TrimIfNeeded(10); // result is "This is th...";####string RemoveHtmlTags()Removes all html tags, but keeps their content on place.    string html = "<h1>Title</h1> <p>text</p>";    string result = html.RemoveHtmlTags(); // result is "Title text";